RN 39428 (#3254)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/DataMiner_Tools/SLNetClientTest_tool/SLNetClientTest_tool_diagnostic_procedures/SLNetClientTest_inspecting_active_replication_buffers.md

Author: I agree that with the new information this no longer fits the "diagnostic procedures" section. I'll move the replication buffers documentation in its entirety to the "advanced procedures" section.

1. In the *Type* field at the bottom, select *ReplicationBufferStats*.

> [!WARNING]
> Always be extremely careful when using the SLNetClientTest tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

## Deleting and flushing replication buffer files

> When a replication buffer saves files to disk, those files are located in `C:\Skyline DataMiner\System Cache\SLNet` and are named "ReplicationBuffer_clienthostname_ip_dmaid_eid_objectid.bin".

Reviewer: As the _objectid (the unique hash) is no longer part of the name of the file, I'm wondering if this line should reflect the current state or how it used to be. In the next paragraph, it's mentioned that this is indeed dropped since version X.

> Prior to DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7, ReplicationBuffer files include a unique hash in their filenames. From DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7 onwards<!--RN 39428-->, these files do not include a unique hash in their filenames, and there is only one file per replicated element. Old ReplicatonBuffer files will remain in the SLNet folder, but the new changes prevent further growth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7, ReplicationBuffer files include a unique hash in their filenames. From DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7 onwards<!--RN 39428-->, these files do not include a unique hash in their filenames. As a result there is only one file per replicated element. Old ReplicatonBuffer files will remain in the SLNet folder, but the new changes prevent further growth.
```

1. In the *Type* field at the bottom, select *ReplicationBufferStats*.

> [!WARNING]
> Always be extremely careful when using the SLNetClientTest tool, as it can have far-reaching consequences on the functionality of your DataMiner System.

## Managing replication buffer files

When a replication buffer saves files to disk, those files are located in `C:\Skyline DataMiner\System Cache\SLNet` and are named as follows:

- From DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7 onwards<!--RN 39428-->: `ReplicationBuffer_clienthostname_ip_dmaid_eid.bin`

>   These files do not include a unique hash in their filenames. As a result there is only one file per replicated element.

Author: @mmphs, I have restructured the documentation so that both an example of the new and old filenames is provided.

Reviewer: Looks great!
